Welcome to the Volkswagen
wittstock to conclude this season
Niclas Fuellkrug sits next to me over the
I am especially happy
why that is so we will tell later
Do not start your analysis today
this game how does it fall out yes me
think that this is not a good game of
Both teams had the game
also from the outside I have it from the outside
seen
Unfortunately, it was not nice
Watch the game beautifully
I think it was hard for both of them
teams and I think it's a
typical draw game it has
Much has happened to the field a lot
too many mishaps and janko but it
did not even get that one anymore
the bad passes could exploit a lot
we even have two or three times
played well forward but after
in the back then also two situations where we
One came to a stop where we went once
also get the goat and that is allowed
us at the 0 0 stand
I do not know 60 and 70 minute that was
I do not think so
happen that we went one behind
after which we will come soon
back but I am very happy that one
old werderaner here is peter niemeyer
the captain of hertha bsc with his
Mrs. Peter welcome times
Congrats first thing union
wins tomorrow even though that is the
not hertha partners so so much for
but your table guide remains beautiful
that again put weser back to
to the niklas there you sit outside 90
minutes is a striker and of course wants
In and wants to make the bude there was a
little frost today with you yes
of course the last season game and
of course you want the season beautiful
but also if that is
last would have been
of course you always want to come in and
show something again and
there team continue to try
yes you are so that's you
Originally from Hannover to
grown up
among others the sports friends
Ricky, I have too
played football so far
I always do your way a bit
niklas is watching the balance sheet
now after this I may say that
first real pro season
werder
yes i am now one year in the
bundesliga here when I'm in Belek
I pushed this and I think that me
I think I have 24 games now
i made or 23 and i think that
it is quite neat that he is up
every case has to come more and that
so should not go on like it
so far it's all very well and nice
and you can be satisfied but there
something has to come in any case
in the substitutions so what come
not only does that mean you play more
you want to get ahead now
Profi always wants to play but me
think also to gates you already have that
one or the other made what was that
most important so far the most beautiful for you
here at Werder professional squad yes that went
Definitely the first Bundesliga goal
even the most beautiful feeling is bitter that
We learn at the end of 1 1 and otherwise yes
the dfb cup goal was actually still
pretty important to the 2 1 but there must
Nevertheless, unfortunately, then spoiled
the perspective of niclas filling jug
werder bremen
what will she look like what is there
great wish to become a tribal player
to be introduced slowly
How is it if you choose it
could go on like this for so
Of course, tribe players will also be
at the right time, I the
Of course, then
I'm 100% ready for that
believe that the trainer with me completely
can judge good and he is me
then tell me and then he will me
Show that too when I do
one hundred percent ready yes and that
That's the goal I'm here for the first time
So tribesman will be in next
future, maybe I can do that
this season still that would be on everyone
fall my goal before this season
and let's see if that works like that
I hope it was you, I told you so
i focus on several federal clubs
know that also a bundesliga club
Hanover was interested
why the decision for werder at that time
yes, I already knew that
to emergency traffic but in the end it was
so that who still is still
tried four and yes there I am
just felt that I'm not a player
but for the next season I'm alone
that they really have what they want me to do
that they viewed potential
so that was combined with the other
not so except gladbach has that
still quite so but who did that I found
always a nice club good
So I agree with everything here
pretty family and that's why I have
then I decided for Werder
Well, I think that's pretty good, too
was a good decision than when
child and as a teenager there was that
football idol with you gave such a player
where you said so want one
Grandma will give you one
Oriented did not orientate now
but of course there was someone I already knew
always well it was didier drogba
Didier drogba among those I already found
always good then there is also still
who now plays in china chelsea london
has left and certainly immortal
made finale at the champions league
against bayern munich unforgotten
Thank you for your conversation
but you still have to stay here because they are
all my ladies and gentlemen have with yes
played in the sweepstakes and I know
this may even be one today
jersey can be won the class
Just pull some for now
not only have the result right
typed but also the scorers
namely nils petersen
so one to one is right and that
first goal is unfortunately wrong typed
the tip is ernhard and won
In this case Silvaner gloves
osterholz scharmbeck she is here if
she is here then she gets the price
equal presented says that again
silvana gloves made of osterholz
Scharmbeck who is not there then will
the price as always delivered niklas
Of course, it still stands for
autographs an available the
very nice Christmas greeting at home and
we 'll meet again
Thank you